pretty quick and easy right so I'll just
go ahead go to my home view here and
extrude this out and this extrusion is
going to be 20 2.5 millimeters in
thickness so I've got my initial initial
profile my initial 3d volume here this
the salad and I want to add some
additional features to it nice thing
about inventors I see it is is that you
can literally have a conversation with
the try not to do it out loud people
around you and your cube might think
that weird but essentially with an
inventor if you right-click your mouse
it there's a good chance what you're
going to do next is available right
there so for example on this surface
this is a left click I want to right
click and that's essentially the I want
to start a new sketch and you'll notice
that if I right click this time I get a
new longer die alone now you probably
can't read it from there but
nevertheless it is a new dialog box so
here I'll just go up and say I want to
project geometry and I'm going to
project that outside edge so I can
reference the same center point as the
arc that I sketched out my initial
sketch and I'll draw a circle right on
that same center point and again I'll
just grab a dimension here 40
millimeters something like that and go
ahead and extrude this up also 40
millimeters but I want to add a taper to
it and I was going to the more tab kind
of on the fly rather than jumping back
and forth between different different
features I'll just grab a negative 5
degree taper right there so I've got
again yet another feature on this
particular 3d component and really not
that hard next I want to go and I want
to i'm going to drill a hole through
that for that boss there and we'll just
call it 18 millimeters and have it go
all the way through the part but i need
to tell it where to go for so i'm going
to go over here and say I want it to be
on that surface and concentric to the
outside circle there of that of that
boss and as you can see now I've got a
nice hole going through there
right now I've got a little bit ahead of
myself here but it's no problem because
with pair much modeling with with
inventor I'm able to to kind of go back
in time a little bit if you will so I'm
going to just drag my end of part up and
then and temporarily hold that hole
because what i want to do is I want to
sketch on the bottom surface here for
those of you following along at home
that was me making a mistake but making
it sound like I meant to do it did it
work